do you think this is right do you say my
righteousness is more than God's for you
say what advantage will it be to you
what profit shall I have more than if I
had sinned I will answer you and your
companions with you look to the heavens
and see and behold the clouds they are
higher than you if you sin
what do you accomplish against him or if
your transgressions are multiplied what
do you do to him
if you are righteous what do you give
him or what does he receive from your
hand your wickedness affects a man such
as you and your righteousness a son of
man because of the multitude of
oppressions they cry out they cry out
for help because of the arm of the
mighty but no one says where is God my
maker who gives songs in the night who
teaches us more than the beasts of the
earth and makes us wiser than the birds
of heaven there they cry out but he does
not answer because of the pride of evil
men surely God will not listen to empty
talk nor will the almighty regard it
although you say you do not see him yet
justice is before him and you must wait
for him
and now because he has not punished in
his anger nor taken much notice of folly
therefore job opens his mouth in vain he
multiplies words without knowledge
[Music]